Time: 10:05 am on 11 July, 2023
Andrew: Hey! So much has changed since last time we talked - meet Toby, my puppy. He's a bundle of joy and I couldn't resist taking him home, city living and all. How've you been?
Audrey: OMG! Toby looks so adorable! Congrats on your new addition. I'm sure you're really happy right now! I so happy for you!
Andrew: Haha yeah! Toby's definitely bringing a lot of joy. Since we last talked, work has been piling up and I've been stuck inside. I miss the peace and feeling of freedom that comes with going for a hike.
Audrey: Yeah you're really stressed then! When work's non-stop, it's hard to get outdoors. Hiking is a great way to relax and take in nature. Do you have plans to go hiking soon? We should plan a trip for both of us and our pups!
Andrew: Yeah work's been stressful lately and I need a break. I have plans for a hike next month and thought it'd be cool if you and the pups could come along. We can enjoy nature and have a fun time!
Audrey: Sounds great! I'm in for the hike, and my dogs can come too. Thanks for inviting us! I made these personalized tags for them. Take a look! 
Andrew: Wow, those look great! Did you make them? It's really cool!
Audrey: Thanks! Yeah, I made them myself. I wanted each one to be special and fit their personalities.
Andrew: Wow, that's so cool. You really put so much love into making them, which makes them extra special.
Audrey: Thanks! I did put a lot of love into making these tags. I want my pets to feel seen and loved.
Andrew: It really are the small things like these show we care a ton about out pets.
Audrey: Yep! Small acts of love like that make a big difference in our relationships with our furry pals. Let's make sure they know how much we care!
Andrew: Definitely! They bring us so much joy, so it's only fair that we show them how special they are. Can't wait for our hike - and for Toby and your pups to meet!
Audrey: Can't wait either! It's going to be loads of fun and a great memory.
Andrew: Yep! It'll be an adventure alright. 
Audrey: Counting down the days 'til our hike! Gotta get them ready soon!
Andrew: Same here! It's gonna be awesome. Let's talk later k?
