Time: 1:10 pm on 27 March, 2023
Audrey: Hey Andrew! Good to see ya! What's been up since we last talked?
Andrew: Hey Audrey! So, I started a new job as a Financial Analyst last week - it's been quite a change from my previous job. How about you? Anything interesting happening?
Audrey: Congrats on the new job! So I got these new collars and tags for my dogs - so cute!
Andrew: Thanks! That sounds cute. Can I see a picture?
Audrey: Sure! See them with their new collars, cute right?
Andrew: Cute little guys! What are their names and how long have you had them?
Audrey: I've had them for 3 years! Their names are Pepper, Precious and Panda. I can't live without my little ones!
Andrew: That's awesome! Have you always wanted a dog, even with living in the city? Can they still go on adventures?
Audrey: Absolutely! They're city dogs and we explore all the time. They love trying out new parks and trails. We go on adventures together very often.
Andrew: Wow, sounds like they make life so awesome! Kinda jealous of all those fun outings with them.
Audrey: They really do! It's great how much happiness they bring. Do you have any pets?
Andrew: No, no pets right now. But I do love animals.
Audrey: That's great to hear! Animals are truly amazing. Do you have a favorite animal?
Andrew: I've always been awed by birds. Their power to soar and explore new spots is amazing.
Audrey: Yeah, birds are amazing! I can imagine it feels incredible to soar and see the world from up high. Do you have a favorite type of bird?
Andrew: Eagles have always mesmerized me; they're so strong and graceful!
Audrey: Yeah they're beautiful. Do you go bird-watching? It must be awesome to see them up close.
Andrew: Haven't specifically gone out for bird-watching, but I do spot them when I hike.
Audrey: Nice, spotting pretty birds while hiking must be great. Do you have any favorite hiking spots?
Andrew: Fox Hollow is a great trail to hike on weekends; the views are awesome!
Audrey: Cool, gonna give it a try. Thanks for the suggestion!
Andrew: No problem! Let me know how you like it. Have fun hiking!
Audrey: Thanks! I'll let you know. Have a good one!
Andrew: Take care and have a good one! See ya!
