Time: 9:49 am on 27 January, 2023
Deborah: Hey Jolene, sorry to tell you this but my dad passed away two days ago. It's been really tough on us all - his sudden death left us all kinda shell-shocked. I'm trying to channel my grief by spending more time with family and cherishing the memories. These moments remind me to live life fully.
Jolene: Sorry to hear about your dad, Deborah. Losing a parent is tough - how's it going for you and your family?
Deborah: Even though it's hard, it's comforting to look back on the great memories. We looked at the family album. Photos give me peace during difficult times. This is my parents' wedding in 1993.
Jolene: They were a beautiful couple!
Deborah: My husband and I are trying to be as good a family as my parents were!
Jolene: What do you value in your relationship?
Deborah: It is love, and openness that have kept us close all these years. Being there for each other has made us both happy. Look what letter I received yesterday!
Jolene: What touching words! Who is this letter from?
Deborah: The group members sent this to me! They thanked me for the positive influence I had on them. Those moments remind me why I'm so passionate about yoga.
Jolene: Where do you most often do yoga?
Deborah: This is one of the places where I do it.
Jolene: Where is it?
Deborah: That's my old home. I go there now and then for my mom, who passed away. Sitting in that spot by the window gives me peace.
Jolene: Must be great to have that place where you feel connected to her.
Deborah: Yeah, it's special. I can feel her presence when I sit there and it comforts me.
Jolene: Wow, it sounds like that spot holds a lot of sentimental value. Does it bring back any special memories?
Deborah: Yeah, Jolene. She'd sit there every night with a book and a smile, reading was one of her hobbies. It was one of her favorite places in the house. 
Jolene: What other hobbies did your mother have?
Deborah: Travel was also her great passion!
Jolene: I want to show you one of my snakes! They always calm me down and make me happy. This is Susie.
Deborah: Having a pet totally brightens up your life. It's great that it brings you comfort. Do you have any fun moments with your pet that you'd like to share?
Jolene:  I was playing video games and my pet just slinked out of her cage and coiled up next to me - it was too funny! My second snake Seraphim did it. Look at her sly eyes!
Deborah: Awww, that's so nice! 
Jolene: I bought it a year ago in Paris.
Deborah: Cool, Jolene! Pets bring so much happiness!
Jolene: They are very unusual pets! Here's me and my partner gaming last week - it's so fun. We played the game "Detroit" on the console. We are both crazy about this activity!
Deborah: Did your boyfriend teach you to play?
Jolene: Even as a child I learned to play on my own.
Deborah: Do you only play old games or try new ones?
Jolene: We are planning to play "Walking Dead" next Saturday.
Deborah: Take care and keep spreading those good vibes!
Jolene: Thanks, Deb! You too, take care. See ya!
