Time: 1:14 pm on 25 May, 2023
Melanie: Hey Caroline, since we last chatted, I've had a lot of things happening to me. I ran a charity race for mental health last Saturday – it was really rewarding. Really made me think about taking care of our minds.
Caroline: That charity race sounds great, Mel! Making a difference & raising awareness for mental health is super rewarding - I'm really proud of you for taking part!
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline! The event was really thought-provoking. I'm starting to realize that self-care is really important. It's a journey for me, but when I look after myself, I'm able to better look after my family.
Caroline: I totally agree, Melanie. Taking care of ourselves is so important - even if it's not always easy. Great that you're prioritizing self-care.
Melanie: Yeah, it's tough. So I'm carving out some me-time each day - running, reading, or playing my violin - which refreshes me and helps me stay present for my fam!
Caroline: That's great, Mel! Taking time for yourself is so important. You're doing an awesome job looking after yourself and your family!
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline. It's still a work in progress, but I'm doing my best. My kids are so excited about summer break! We're thinking about going camping next month. Any fun plans for the summer?
Caroline: Researching adoption agencies — it's been a dream to have a family and give a loving home to kids who need it.
Melanie: Wow, Caroline! That's awesome! Taking in kids in need - you're so kind. Your future family is gonna be so lucky to have you!
Caroline: Thanks, Mel! My goal is to give kids a loving home. I'm truly grateful for all the support I've got from friends and mentors. Now the hard work starts to turn my dream into a reality. And here's one of the adoption agencies I'm looking into. It's a lot to take in, but I'm feeling hopeful and optimistic.
Melanie: Wow, that agency looks great! What made you pick it?
Caroline: I chose them 'cause they help LGBTQ+ folks with adoption. Their inclusivity and support really spoke to me.
Melanie: That's great, Caroline! Loving the inclusivity and support. Anything you're excited for in the adoption process?
Caroline: I'm thrilled to make a family for kids who need one. It'll be tough as a single parent, but I'm up for the challenge!
Melanie: You're doing something amazing! Creating a family for those kids is so lovely. You'll be an awesome mom! Good luck!
Caroline: Thanks, Melanie! Your kind words really mean a lot. I'll do my best to make sure these kids have a safe and loving home.
Melanie: No doubts, Caroline. You have such a caring heart - they'll get all the love and stability they need! Excited for this new chapter!
