Time: 1:36 pm on 3 July, 2023
Caroline: Since we last spoke, some big things have happened. Last week I went to an LGBTQ+ pride parade. Everyone was so happy and it made me feel like I belonged. It showed me how much our community has grown, it was amazing!
Melanie: Wow, Caroline, sounds like the parade was an awesome experience! It's great to see the love and support for the LGBTQ+ community. Congrats! Has this experience influenced your goals at all?
Caroline: Thanks, Mel! It really motivated me for sure. Talking to the community made me want to use my story to help others too - I'm still thinking that counseling and mental health is the way to go. I'm super excited to give back. 
Melanie: Wow, Caroline! That's great! I just signed up for a pottery class yesterday. It's like therapy for me, letting me express myself and get creative. Have you found any activities that make you feel the same way?
Caroline: Wow, Melanie! I'm getting creative too, just learning the piano. What made you try pottery?
Melanie: I'm a big fan of pottery - the creativity and skill is awesome. Plus, making it is so calming. Look at this!
Caroline: That bowl is gorgeous! The black and white design looks so fancy. Did you make it?
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline! Yeah, I made this bowl in my class. It took some work, but I'm pretty proud of it.
Caroline: Nice job! You really put in the work and it definitely shows. Your creativity looks great!
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline! Your kind words mean a lot. Pottery is a huge part of my life, not just a hobby - it helps me express my emotions. Clay is incredible, it brings me so much joy!
Caroline: Wow, Mel, I'm so stoked for you that art is helping you express yourself and bring you joy! Keep it up!
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline! I'm excited to see where pottery takes me. Anything coming up you're looking forward to?
Caroline: Thanks Mel! I'm going to a transgender conference this month. I'm so excited to meet other people in the community and learn more about advocacy. It's gonna be great!
Melanie: Sounds awesome, Caroline! Have a great time and learn a lot. Have fun!
Caroline: Cool, thanks Mel! Can't wait. I'll keep ya posted. Bye!
Melanie: Bye, Caroline! Can't wait to hear about it. Have fun and stay safe!
