Time: 3:31 pm on 23 August, 2023
Caroline: Hi Melanie! Hope you're doing good. Guess what I did this week? I took the first step towards becoming a mom - I applied to adoption agencies! It's a big decision, but I think I'm ready to give all my love to a child. I got lots of help from this adoption advice/assistance group I attended. It was great!
Melanie: Caroline, congrats! So proud of you for taking this step. How does it feel? Also, do you have any pets?
Caroline: Thanks, Mel! Exciting but kinda nerve-wracking. Parenting's such a big responsibility. And yup, I do- Oscar, my guinea pig. He's been great. How are your pets?
Melanie: Yeah, it's normal to be both excited and nervous with a big decision. And thanks for asking, they're good- we got another cat named Bailey too. Here's a pic of Oliver. Can you show me one of Oscar?
Caroline: He's so cute! What’s the funniest thing Oliver's done? And sure, check out this pic of him eating parsley! Veggies are his fave!
Melanie: Oliver's hilarious! He hid his bone in my slipper once! Cute, right? Almost as silly as when I got to feed a horse a carrot. 
Caroline: That's so funny! I used to go horseback riding with my dad when I was a kid, we'd go through the fields, feeling the wind. It was so special. I've always had a love for horses!
Melanie: Wow, that sounds great - I agree, they're awesome. Here's a photo of my horse painting I did recently.
Caroline: Wow, Melanie, that's amazing! Love all the details and how you got the horse's grace and strength. Do you like painting animals?
Melanie: Thanks, Caroline! Glad you like it. Yeah, I love to. It's peaceful and special. Horses have such grace! Do you like to paint too?
Caroline: Painting's great for expressing myself. I love creating art! Here's a recent self-portrait I made last week.
Melanie: Caroline, that's great! The blue's really powerful, huh? How'd you feel while painting it?
Caroline: Thanks, Mel! I felt liberated and empowered doing it. Painting helps me explore my identity and be true to myself. It's definitely therapeutic.
Melanie: Wow, Caroline, that's great! Art's awesome for showing us who we really are and getting in touch with ourselves. What else helps you out?
Caroline: Thanks, Melanie. Art gives me a sense of freedom, but so does having supportive people around, promoting LGBTQ rights and being true to myself. I want to live authentically and help others to do the same.
Melanie: Wow, Caroline! That's amazing. You really care about being real and helping others. Wishing you the best on your adoption journey!
Caroline: Thanks, Melanie! I really appreciate it. Excited for the future! Bye!
Melanie: Bye Caroline. I'm here for you. Take care of yourself.
