Time: 1:07 pm on 25 February, 2022
Nate: Hey Joanna! Sorry I haven't been around. I made my friend some ice cream and they loved it!
Joanna: No worries, Nate! Glad to hear it. What flavor did you make?
Nate: I whipped up some chocolate and vanilla swirl.
Joanna: That looks delicious! Unfortunately, I can't have dairy, so no ice cream for me. Do you happen to have a dairy-free recipe that I could try?
Nate: Sure, I know one recipe using coconut milk. Would you like me to send it to you?
Joanna: Yeah, definitely! I'm keen to try your recipe. Always up for something sweet.
Nate: Cool, I'll do that. I'm all about these desserts, let me know what you think!
Joanna: Definitely keeping you posted! Love your creations!
Nate: Thanks, Joanna! It means a lot that you enjoy the desserts I bake.
Joanna: Yeah Nate, your cooking is amazing! I can't stop thinking about the screenplay, so I just started writing another one while I wait to hear back about how the first one did.
Nate: I hear that, taking your mind of something like that is very challenging. What's the new one about?
Joanna: It's about a thirty year old woman on a journey of self-discovery after a loss. Somewhat similar to the last one, but hey, that's just the kind of thing I'm inspired to write about!
Nate: Interesting! That's a deep topic. Love to hear more about it.
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! It's my own story. The main character is dealing with some tough stuff: loss and trying to figure out who they are. They take a road trip to heal and grow.
Nate: Wow, Joanna, that sounds awesome. I love stories that tackle important issues. What inspired you to this one?
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! It was inspired by personal experiences and my own journey of self-discovery.
Nate: Wow, Joanna, that takes guts! I can't wait to see it all come together. I'm also pumped to see how your first one will do!
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! Appreciate your support. Hoping my screenplay gets noticed and makes it to the screen. Fingers crossed!
Nate: Crossing my fingers for you! Hope your screenplay finds a fan and is given its due. Good luck!
