Time: 3:35 pm on 12 May, 2022
Joanna: Hey Nate! Great to hear from you! Quite a week since we last talked - something awesome happened to me!
Nate: Hey Jo! Great hearing from you! What happened?
Joanna: I went hiking and found some more amazing trails in my town. It was such an awesome experience! I think I am an expert hiker now.
Nate: Sounds great, Jo! Happy you had an awesome experience. Did you happen to take any photos of it?
Joanna: Yeah, I did! Loved this spot on the hike. The rush of the water was so soothing.
Nate: Wow, looks great! Where did you take this picture? I love the dark sky and green scenery.
Joanna: Thanks! I took this photo at a beautiful location called Whispering Falls. It was really peaceful and serene.
Nate: I wish I could have been there! Your hikes sound like a blast.
Joanna: It was awesome, Nate. The sound of that place and the beauty of nature made me so calm and peaceful. Everything else faded away and all that mattered was the present.
Nate: That's great. Glad you found a spot that calms you down - nature sure can be a break from the craziness.
Joanna: Nature totally inspires me and it's so calming to be surrounded by its beauty. Hiking has opened up a whole new world for me and I feel like a different person now.
Nate: Wow, Jo, that's really cool! It's great to have something that gets those creative juices flowing.
Joanna: I always feel like I could write a whole movie when I'm out there in cool places like that!
Nate: Wow! That's really cool that it inspires you that much! For me I just get deep in thought and think about my life or new recipes.
Joanna: I think about my life too sometimes when I'm out and about, but there was something special about these trails that made me feel like writing a drama.
Nate: Hey, we should go together sometime, don't you think? Maybe I'll start to think of a drama myself and publish my own screenplay.
Joanna: Haha, now that would be something! Sure, you should come down and join me on the trails sometime!
Nate: Sounds like a plan! Thanks for the invite Joanna!
Joanna: Sure thing Nate! See you later!
Nate: See ya!
