Time: 3:56 pm on 4 November, 2022
Joanna: Wow, Nate, I'm on fire! I just set up meetings with movie producers — my dreams are comin' true!
Nate: Wow Joanna, nice work! How did it go with those producer meetings?
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! The meetings went really well. I felt confident discussing my script and vision and they seemed interested and excited. They loved the elements of self-discovery in it. It was so validating to be taken seriously. I'm feeling hopeful and inspired about the future!
Nate: Way to go, Joanna! Putting yourself out there is really brave and winning recognition for your hard work feels great. It's just like when I win a video game tournament - it feels awesome! I'm so proud of you and so glad you're feeling hopeful and inspired.
Joanna: Thanks Nate! Your support and encouragement mean a lot. Writing isn't always easy but moments like these make me appreciate it. I'm so thankful for all the opportunities. Last week, I found these old notebooks with my early writings - it was cool to see how far I've come.
Nate: That's cool! You must love seeing how you've grown as an artist. Is there a favorite piece from your early writings that stands out to you?
Joanna: Yup, I still remember this story from when I was 10. It was about a brave little turtle who was scared but explored the world anyway. Maybe even back then, I was inspired by stories about finding courage and taking risks. It's still a part of my writing today.
Nate: You obviously have a passion for writing, and it's funny the story was about a turtle! Their resilience is so inspiring! Take courage and keep pushing yourself with your writing. Great job!
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! They make me think of strength and perseverance. They help motivate me in tough times - glad you find that inspiring!
Nate: What can I say, I love turtles. So, what's been happening with you?
Joanna: Hey Nate! Apart from meetings, I'm working on a project - challenging but fulfilling. How about you? What's been going on?
Nate: Just been helping some friends reset their high scores at the international tournament. It's been fun!
Joanna: Wow, sounds like so much fun! You're really passionate about gaming. Have an awesome time and keep helping others with those high scores!
Nate: Thanks! It feels good to use my skills to make a difference.
Joanna: I couldn't agree more! Which is why my meetings are so exciting!
Nate: On another note, want to come over and try some of this? It's super yummy, just made it yesterday!
Joanna: Mmm, that looks delicious! Is it lactose-free by any chance?
Nate: Yep, I made it with coconut milk so it's lactose-free!
Joanna: Thanks so much, Nate! Sure! I'll come over tomorrow if that's fine.
Nate: I don't see why not! I'm not doing anything then, so your completely welcome to!
Joanna: Awesome! I'll bring some of my recipes so we can both share deserts!
Nate: I'd love that! I've been wanting to try some of your chocolate and rasberry cake for a while now.
Joanna: You got it! See you tomorrow!
Nate: See you then! Take care!
