Time: 7:44 pm on 21 April, 2022
Joanna: Hey Nate! Long time no talk! I wanted to tell ya I just joined a writers group. It's unbelievable--such inspirational people who really get my writing. I'm feeling so motivated and supported, it's like I finally belong somewhere!
Nate: Hey Joanna! That's awesome! Having a supportive group around you can really make a difference. What kind of projects are you working on with them?
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! We've made some great progress. I'm working on one with my group called "Finding Home." It's a script about a girl on a journey to find her true home. I find it really rewarding and emotional. What about you? Any upcoming gaming tournaments?
Nate: Hi Joanna! "Finding Home" sounds really special. Must be so meaningful to work on. I've got a gaming tournament next month and I'm feeling good about it. It's gonna be my 4th one!
Joanna: Yeah, I bet the nerves and excitement are quite a rush! I remember when I did my first play, I was so nervous I forgot my lines. It was embarrassing, but it taught me how important it is to prepare and stay in the moment.
Nate: Sounds like you had an interesting time on stage! It's always a learning experience. Have you ever considered going back to acting? Is that you in the photo?
Joanna: Yeah, that's me in that photo! Acting was my first passion, but now I really shine in writing. It helps me express myself in a new way, but who knows, maybe I'll go back to acting someday. Never say never!
Nate: Go for it! Follow your passion for writing, but if acting really makes you happy, give it a shot as well. Who knows what'll happen! Any particular movies that spark your writing?
Joanna: Thanks Nate! I'm gonna keep writing, but if acting calls out I might give it a try. I really enjoy dramas and emotionally-driven films. What about you? What inspires your passion?
Nate: I love fantasy and sci-fi movies, they're a great escape and get my imagination going. Playing video games is a great way to express my creativity and passion.
Joanna: That's awesome! I love how video games can really spark your imagination. Do you have a favorite fantasy or sci-fi movie?
Nate: Yeah, for sure! This trilogy is one of my faves. The world building, battles, and storytelling always blow me away!
Joanna: Wow, that's great to hear! What books do you enjoy? I'm always up for some new book recommendations.
Nate: I love this series. It has adventures, magic, and great characters - it's a must-read!
Joanna: Heard of that series! It's been on my list forever. Thanks for the recommendation, Nate. I'm definitely going to check it out!
Nate: No problem, glad to see an interest. Let me know what you think when you check it out.
Joanna: Thanks Nate! I'll definitely let you know my thoughts. Take care and have a great day!
Nate: See you! Good chatting with you! Have a great day!
