Time: 8:10 pm on 7 November, 2022
Nate: Hey Joanna! Hope you’re doing alright. Crazy thing happened - I was in the final of a big Valorant tournament last Saturday, and I won! It was the best feeling to see my name as the champion. Tournaments really bring out strong emotions in me.
Joanna: Hey Nate! Congrats on winning the tournament - that's awesome! I know you must have been buzzing! Anyway, I've been working on something exciting too. Last Friday, I finished the presentation for producers - it was tough but it's looking good. What have you been up to?
Nate: Thanks, Joanna! I've been having a blast and preparing for other tournaments, so I've been real busy - but I'm loving it!
Joanna: Sounds like you're really loving life right now! It's great when you find something that suits you. Being busy can be tiring but it's so rewarding in the end. Keep it up!
Nate: Thanks, Joanna! I'm really grateful to have a job I enjoy every day. So anyways, anything new going on in your life?
Joanna: I am writing another movie script! It's a love story with lots of challenges. I've put lots of hard work into it and I'm hoping to get it on the big screen.
Nate: Woah Joanna, that's incredible! I remember when you started working on these sorta things. It's crazy to see how far you've gotten! You've really got a thing for writing, huh? Where'd you get the idea for it?
Joanna: Thanks Nate! Writing has always been a passion of mine. I got the idea for this script from a dream. How have your turtles been? I haven't seen pictures of them in a while!
Nate: Great actually! These little guys sure bring joy to my life! Watching them is so calming and fascinating. I've really grown fond of them. So, what about you, Joanna? What brings you happiness?
Joanna: Creating stories and watching them come alive gives me happiness and fulfillment. Writing has been such a blessing for me.
Nate: Well with dedication like yours, its no wonder you do so well in it as well! Are you planning on submitting anymore scripts anytime soon?
Joanna: Yep! I actually just submitted a few more last week! Hoping to hear back from them soon, though I assume a few will be rejected.
Nate: Even if it happens to a few, I'm sure at leasts one will make it to the screens and be your 3rd published movie!
Joanna: Thanks, Nate! Appreciate the encouragement. I won't give up, I promise! Got it covered!
Nate: Great to hear! On another note, I just upgraded some of my equipment at home. Check it out!
Joanna: Oh wow, ice set-up! Do you use that computer for gaming?
Nate: Yep! This is where I practice and compete. Sometimes I even use it when I'm playing games with friends.
Joanna: Cool! Having a dedicated space for practice and competition should help you stay focused.
Nate: Yeah, I love it. It's like my own little haven to escape into the virtual world.
Joanna: Wow, that sounds great to have your own gaming setup at home. It must be really awesome!
Nate: It really is! But it's also really important to have something like this for my career, otherwise I would never be able to beat my competition.
Joanna: That makes sense! It's all about practice isn't it? So what's your favorite game?
Nate: Yep! I'm currently playing this awesome fantasy RPG called "Xeonoblade Chronicles" and it's been a blast! I highly reccomend it if you've never played it before. 
Joanna: What made you start playing it? That's a japanese game series right?
Nate: Yes it is! I'm a big fan of Nintendo games, and I've actually been wanting to play this one for a while because my friends have played it and reccomended it!
Joanna: Nice! It's really cool when a reccomendation from a friend fits your taste so well isn't it?
Nate: For sure! That's why I love when you give me movie reccomendations, I usually like them a lot more then if I were to just watch some random one.
Joanna: Great to hear! I just finished with the intro to my next movie script, and I decided to include this at the begining.
Nate: That letter is really awesome! Does it remind you of your childhood?
Joanna: Yeah, it does! My brother wrote it - he used to make me these cute notes when we were kids. Brings back sweet memories.
Nate: Aww, childhood memories can be so powerful!
Joanna: They sure can! They take us back to simpler times but it's nice to create new memories as we grow up.
Nate: Totally! I had a special day when I took my pets to the park. They were amazed and seeing their happy faces made it a memorable day. Mixing the new with the old is priceless - I treasure every memory!
Joanna: That sounds so sweet, Nate! I started writing some of my favorite memories down.
Nate: Dang, your full of great ideas Joanna! I really should start doing that as well, or at least write down the things my animals like a lot!
Joanna: You should! I completely encourage it, looking back on fond memories is such a blessing.
Nate: Ok I will! But I'll also start writing down some of my favorite memories with you from now on.
Joanna: Definitely, let's keep making great memories and supporting each other. Let's keep reaching for our dreams and make them happen!
