Time: 9:27 am on 7 February, 2022
Joanna: Hey Nate, long time no see! The screenplay I sent in to the film festival has been on my mind all day everyday. I keep bouncing between crazy emotions like relief, excitement and worry! Fingers crossed a producer or director falls in love with it and it ends up on the big screen - that would be awesome!
Nate: Hey Joanna! It is a big deal! I'm sure its been a wild ride. Sending some positive vibes and hoping someone likes it enough to get it on the big screen - that would be awesome!
Joanna: Thanks Nate, your support really means a lot. I put a lot of effort into it and I'm crossing my fingers. What about you? Anything new and exciting happening in your life?
Nate: Thanks, Joanna. Not much has changed for me, but I just discovered that I can make coconut milk icecream and gave it a try. It was actually pretty good, so I'm proud of myself.
Joanna: Looks delish! Glad you tried something new and it went well. What did you think of it?
Nate: Super good! It was rich and creamy - might be my new favorite snack!
Joanna: Great! I love when you try something new and it actually works out. Will you give it another go?
Nate: Yep, it could be fun! I'm looking forward to trying out different flavors and toppings.
Joanna: Yum! Sounds great. Got any favorite flavors for dairy-free desserts?
Nate: I love coconut milk, but I also enjoy chocolate and mixed berry flavors.
Joanna: Wow, those sound great! Who can say no to chocolate and berries? I'm tempted to try dairy-free flavors now!
Nate: Well I also made a dairy-free chocolate cake with berries on it the other day, maybe you would like that!
Joanna: Wow! That sounds yummy! You're so talented. Thanks for sharing your amazing creations! I should really try making one or just pay you a visit and try one for myself!
Nate: I couldn't agree more! It's always fun experimenting in the kitchen.
Joanna: I can tell! Your cooking skills are awesome. Seen any good movies lately?
Nate: Not recently. Any good ones you'd recommend?
Joanna: I just watched "Little Women" and it was amazing! It's a great story about sisterhood, love, and reaching for your dreams. Definitely a must-see!
Nate: Oh, that sounds like a great one! I'll definitely add it to my list. Thanks for the recommendation!
Joanna: Anytime! I'm always down to give movie reccomendations.
Nate: Good to know! I'll be sure to give you a shout whenever I run out of things to watch!
Joanna: Sounds great! Let me know what you think of it when your done!
Nate: You bet! You'll be the first to know.
Joanna: Awesome! Enjoy yourself!
Nate: You too, take care!
Joanna: Later, take care!
