Time: 6:59 pm on 26 August, 2023
Tim: Hey John, this week's been really busy for me. Assignments and exams are overwhelming. I'm not giving up though! I'm trying to find a way to juggle studying with my fantasy reading hobby. How have you been?
John: Hey Tim! I know the stress of exams and homework, but you got this! I'm doing OK, cheers for asking. Last week I visited home and caught up with my family and old friends. We had a great time talking about our childhood - it reminds me of the good ol' times!
Tim: Thanks for the pic! That group looks like a great squad. How long did you all play together?
John: We were teammates for four years in high school, so we've played together for quite some time. Have you ever been part of a sports team?
Tim: Nope, never been on a sports team. I'm more into reading and fantasy novels. I love sinking into different magical worlds. It's one of the reasons I love traveling to new places, to experience a different kind of magic.
John: Wow, Tim, that's an awesome book collection! It's cool to escape to different worlds with a hobby. By the way, I love discovering new cities - check out this pic from one of my trips to New York City!
Tim: Wow! That skyline looks amazing - I've been wanting to visit NYC. How was it?
John: Thanks! It was amazing. Everywhere you go there's something new and exciting. Exploring the city and trying all the restaurants was awesome. It's a must-visit!
Tim: Adding NYC to my travel list, sounds like a great adventure! I heard there's so much to explore and try out. Can't wait to visit!
John: Trust me, NYC is amazing! It's got so much to check out - the culture, food - you won't regret it. It's an adventure you'll never forget!
Tim: Woohoo! Sounds like a fun place with lots of potential. Can't wait to experience it for myself!
John: Awesome! Can't wait to hear when you are going. Let me know and I'm sure I can help you out.
Tim: Yep, I'll let you know! Thanks for being so helpful.
John: Sure thing! Any time you need help, don't hesitate to reach out.
Tim: Thanks! Your support means a lot to me. Bye!
