Time: 1:45 pm on 6 August, 2022
John: Hey James, good catching up! Been a while huh? I made a huge call - recently left my IT job after 3 years. It was tough but I wanted something that made a difference. And now with this new job, I am happy about my decision. I am loving the new job!
James: Hey John! Great to hear from you. Leaving after 3 years is a big step - how did it feel?
John: At first, it was super scary, but I knew I had to make a change and focus on things that align with my values and passions.
James: Wow, John, that sounds really brave. I hope it brings you joy and satisfaction.
John: Thanks, James. It wasn't easy, but sometimes you gotta take a leap to follow your heart.
James: Taking risks pays off! Way to be brave. I'm proud of you!
John: Your support means a lot. Lately, I've been thinking about what truly makes me happy, and I'm really drawn to the gaming industry. I'm passionate about it and it's time to turn that into a career. I want to become an organizer of tournaments for various computer games in our state. For example, for CS:GO. It's a new journey for me.
James: Cool! You always mentioned your love for gaming. What other game do you want to organize competitions for? And what`s your plan now?
John: Also, I can host Fortnite competitions. I have already made some connections that will help me with this. My plan is to gain more experience and perfect my skills to be successful in this field.
James: Sounds like a solid plan! Trying out different game genres can be a great way to widen your skills and knowledge.
John: Thanks! I am very glad that you support me in my new endeavor!
James: I will always be here for you! If you need any financial assistance or advice, please contact me!
John: I will definitely do this if necessary! By the way, what's new with you?
James: Yesterday I took my puppy to the clinic.
John: God, James, what happened to your puppy? Is it OK?
James: Don't worry. This was just a routine examination. Also, the puppy was vaccinated to prevent him from catching the seasonal canine disease.
John: Phew, great that he's okay. It's great that you care so much about your pets!
James: They are the source of my joy, so I will always take care of them!
John: You're a great host, James! Well, I have to go, bye!
James: Thanks, John! Take care, bye!
