Time: 3:47 pm on 17 March, 2022
John: Hey! Glad to finally talk to you. I want to ask you, what motivates you?
James: Hey John! Video games give me tons of joy and excitement, so they keep me motivated!
John: Cool, James! I'm a big video game fan too. They help me relax after a long day. What game are you currently enjoying the most?
James: I'm totally into The Witcher 3 right now. The story and atmosphere are amazing. Have you tried it yet?
John: Haven't played it yet, but I hear it's awesome. Gonna give it a go. BTW, just signed up for a programming class. Have you ever done any programming?
James: Programming is an awesome skill. I tried it out one in college and now it`s all my life. Good luck in the class! Do you have any coding experience?
John: I did a bit of coding in HTML and CSS a few years back. Thought I'd refresh those skills in this course. What languages do you like most and any projects you've done?
James: I've worked with Python and C++. I've built a website and also created some game mods. Here is one example.
John: That mod looks amazing! The graphics are awesome. What other programming languages have you worked with?
James: I haven’t worked with any other programming languages, but I hope to work in the future.
John: Maybe in the future we will develop mobile applications together? Do you like the idea?
James: It would be cool! For example, we could write some kind of application for dogs. By the way, my dogs.
John: Aww, they're adorable! What are the names of your pets? And what are your plans for the app?
James: Max and Daisy. Will be actually cool to build an app for dog walking and pet care. The goal is to connect pet owners with reliable dog walkers and provide helpful information on pet care.
John: Sounds good, James! Bet that app would find a lot of buyers. What sets it apart from other existing apps?
James: Thanks, John! The personal touch really sets it apart. Users can add their pup's preferences/needs - just like they were customizing it for them. Making it unique for each owner and pup.
John: That's a great idea! Your pup is gonna love it. Speaking of personal touches, what motivates you to work on your programming projects?
James: Creating something and seeing it come to life gives me a great sense of accomplishment. It's an amazing feeling. I write down all my goals in a notebook. It's very satisfying to check off each one when it's done.
John: What are you working on that has you feeling so accomplished?
James: I'm working on something I've wanted to do since I was a kid. Even as a child, I made some sketches of the main character. Back then I was just drawing comics, but now I want to turn it into a computer game. It's a project that has me really excited.
John: Wow, James! That's amazing. What made you decide to work on it and create your own game?
James: I'm always excited to combine my favorite passions: gaming and storytelling. It's great creating my own project and bringing my ideas to life, plus the challenge is really enjoyable!
John: That sounds really fulfilling! Combining your passions to make something new must be so exciting. Can't wait to see the outcome.
James: Thanks John! It's super exciting. I'll keep you updated on the progress. Perhaps, thanks to your knowledge of HTML, I'll invite you to help with some things in my game.
John: It will be great to work with you, James.
James: I'll be looking forward to it. By the way, yesterday I went bowling and got 2 strikes. I love bowling!
John: I'm sure you're very good at this. Unfortunately, I can’t share my love for him with you, my fingers are too big. Perhaps I should take up exercise, at least start going for a run in the morning. And I also don’t like bowling itself, to be honest.
James: It's a pity, it would be nice to go play with you one day.
John: Well, I'm sure we can do something else. We can play slot machines and arcades, for example.
James: The last time I played at the slot machines, I was so engrossed in the game that I didn't notice my wallet being taken out of my pocket. Sad story.
John: I'm sorry to hear it. Well, I'll be nearby, I'll look after your pockets.
James: Still, maybe we can try something different?
John: Heard about VR gaming? It's pretty immersive. We can try it together!
James: I tried it - it's crazy how real it feels! Have you given it a shot?
John: Tried it a few times, it's insane how immersive that experience can be. Can't wait to try it together with you.
James: Yeah, VR gaming is awesome! Let`s do it next Saturday!
John: Agreed, James!
