Time: 5:13 pm on 9 July, 2022
James: Hey John! Long time no talk - hope you're doing well. Guess what? Last week I actually won an online gaming tournament! It was such an exciting experience and it blew my mind when I won. Winning felt so good and it really motivated me to keep improving.
John: Hey James! Congrats on winning the online gaming tournament! It's super fulfilling to see your hard work pay off. So happy for you!
James: Thanks! It was really fulfilling to see my hard work pay off with a victory in the tournament. How are you?
John: Feeling the tug of emotion lately. Determined and passionate on one hand, but feeling overwhelmed and stressed on the other. Balancing personal and professional is kind of a challenge. How have you been?
James: Yeah, staying balanced can be tough. I'm trying to take breaks from my hobbies and do other things. Lately I've become interested in extreme sports. Yesterday, for example, I was doing rope jumping. The highest height I jumped from was 150 meters!
John: Wow, how cool! What other extreme sport have you tried?
James: Just three days ago, I was surfing. Catching a wave is so cool! It's strange, but it relaxes me so much. How do you like to relax?
John: I like to relax by reading. I love entering the imaginative worlds of authors - it's a fun escape from reality. 
James: I also love to read, especially while snuggled under the covers on a cold winter day. But now it’s summer and I want something more exciting! By the way, I bought air tickets to Toronto, and I’m leaving the day after tomorrow evening.
John: Cool, this is already the fourth country you will visit! Will you only be in Toronto, or will you be visiting somewhere else?
James: I also plan to visit Vancouver. Maybe, I'll go somewhere else.
John: When are you coming back?
James: I plan to return on July 20, I’ll definitely bring you some kind of souvenir!
John: Thanks James! I will be waiting for you from your journey! Bon Voyage!
James: Thank you, John! Take care and see you soon!
John: Take care, bye!
