Time: 10:33 am on 9 April, 2023
Jon: Hey Gina! I'm turning my loves of dance into a business. I'm sunk tons of time into the studio lately, and look at my students - they're already killing it. I'm even learning with them!
Gina: Hey Jon! Wow, way to take your passion and make it into a biz! The dance studio looks awesome.
Jon: Thanks, Gina! I'm determined to make this studio work. Losing my job was tough but it gave me the push I needed to do what I love.
Gina: Woah, Jon! Tough times can be a gateway to awesome things. Glad you worked up the courage to go after your dreams!
Jon: Yeah, Gina! It's been tough, but I'm living my true self. Dancing makes me so happy, and now I get to share that with other people. Seeing my students get better at it brings me such joy.
Gina: Wow Jon, you look so happy when you dance! Show the world your true self and keep dancing!
Jon: Thanks a bunch, Gina! You seriously rock. Dancing for me is like a way to express myself and find my happy place. I used to be scared to death of what people would think, but I learnt that my own happiness is the most important thing. It's been tough but also the best thing ever!
Gina: Yeah, I do remember those dance classes! I used to love spending time in the studio. That photo looks awesome, brings back lots of memories. It's nice to know, dance is still your happy place.
Jon: Nice, Gina! I'm happy that dance has such a special meaning to both of us. It's a really cool way to express ourselves. I loved taking lessons with my friends when I was younger. Those memories are so precious. So glad I can still enjoy it with my own studio. Thanks for always being there for me.
Gina: Hey Jon! Got your back - dance is awesome for expressing yourself and finding happiness. Here's one of my trophies from a dance contest, nice reminder of the hard work, dedication and joy it brings.
Jon: Wow! It looks awesome! Thanks for the support, it really means a lot.
Gina: No prob, Jon! You earned all the kudos for your hard work. Keep it up!
Jon: Thanks! Gonna keep pushing and working hard. Won't let anything hold me back!
Gina: Way to go, Jon! Keep it up, you're almost there!
