Time: 10:43 am on 4 February, 2023
Jon: Hey Gina! What's up? How's the store going? I gotta tell you about this thing with my biz.
Gina: Hey Jon! The store's doing great! It's a wild ride. How's the biz?
Jon: Hey Gina! I'm putting in a lot of work on my business even with the obstacles. I'm gonna make it happen!
Gina: Wow! You've got drive! Keep it up and you'll definitely make a splash.
Jon: Thanks Gina! Your help really means a lot. Sometimes it's hard when things don't go my way, but I'm sure if I keep pushing, I'll reach my dreams!
Gina: Understand where you're at, Jon. Setbacks are just opportunities for comebacks. You got the skills, passion, and drive. Plus my full support. Don't give up, buddy!
Jon: Thanks! Setbacks can be tough, but with your support, I can handle anything. Appreciate you having my back!
Gina: I'm here for you no matter what! Anything you want to say about your biz?
Jon: Searching for a dance studio location has been tricky, but I'm determined to find the right spot - when I do, I'm sure the rest will follow!
Gina: Searching for the perfect dance studio's a tough job, Jon. Hang in there and you'll find it soon!
Jon: Thanks! Appreciate your encouragement - it means a lot! I'm working on my business and some new dance routines - rehearsing hard for an upcoming show. I'm passionate about dancing and it brings me so much joy and fulfillment.
Gina: Wow, Jon! You're so talented! What show ya got planned?
Jon: I'm getting ready for a dance comp near me next month. It's a great chance for me to show my skillz and, hopefully, get some props from the dance fam. Super stoked!
Gina: Wow Jon, you're gonna kill it in that competition. Your hard work and talent will pay off! Good luck.
Jon: Thanks! Your help means a lot. I'll do my best to make you proud!
Gina: No doubt, Jon you've got this. Your passion and commitment are awesome! Keep it up!
Jon: Thanks! I'm going for my dreams!
Gina: Absolutely Jon. I'm always here to cheer you on. Make your dreams happen - keep going and believe in yourself. You got this!
Jon: Thanks, Gina! Your kind words mean a lot. I won't give up!
