Time: 8:29 pm on 13 June, 2023
Jon: Hey Gina, thanks for being there for me and believing in me. It means a lot.
Gina: Sure, Jon! I'm always around for you. How've you been since we caught up?
Jon:  I'm prepping for my dance studio more than ever!
Gina: Proud of you for starting your own business! It takes strength to stay hopeful. What are you doing to prep for your dance studio? I have developed a video presentation to teach how to style my fashion pieces, btw. 
Jon: Thanks, Gina! It's been so inspiring to work with our young dancers, seeing their passion and commitment. Opening the dance studio's been a great experience - I want it to be a place of support and encouragement for all our dancers. Will you show me this presentation?
Gina: Shure, I will send it to you later. Starting this studio isn't just a business, it's a place for dancers to grow. What support are you offering them?
Jon: Besides the dance classes and workshops, I'm offering one-on-one mentoring and training to help dancers reach their full potential.
Gina: Your one-on-one mentoring and training will really push dancers to reach their goals. I totally get it, I had a mentor too when I was learning how to dance.
Jon: Yeah, a mentor can do wonders. Guidance and support can help dancers really shine.
Gina: Nice one, Jon! How've you been using it?
Jon: I'm using it to stay organized and motivated. It sets goals, tracks my achievements and helps me find areas to improve.
Gina: Really cool system! Being organized sure is key for getting stuff done. How do you keep up with your goals and progress?
Jon: I also use whiteboard to stay on track, visualize goals and tokenize successes. It keeps me motivated and focused.
Gina: Cool! Are you using different colors?
Jon: Yes. I color-code achievements so I can easily track my progress and stay motivated.
Gina: Wow, color-coding is a great way to track your progress & stay motivated. Keep it up!
Jon: Thanks! It helps me stay motivated and reminds me why I'm doing this.
Gina: Yeah, its a great idea!
Jon: Thanks!
Gina: Remember that staying positive is very important.  Rock on!
Jon: Thanks, Gina! Your support's really been awesome.
Gina: Thanks! Keep going for your dreams and don't quit!
Jon: I won't give up, Gina! I'll keep pushing and working to make my dreams happen. Thanks for the support!
